younger I wanted to thank you for
covering up for me you're real now it's
nothing I just thought that us girls
should stick together if it wasn't for
you they would have kicked me off the
train oh it's freezing outside
me when I think about you lately if
there's ever anything I can do whew I
can think of a million things that's one
of them
sweet sue
I don't want her to know when codes oh
we won't tell anybody we have not even
Josephine maybe I better stay here till
she goes back to sleep
you stay here as long as you like I'm
not crowding you am i no it's nice and
cozy when I was a little girl on cold
nights like this I used to crawl into
bed with my sister we'd cuddle up under
the covers and pretend they were lost in
the dark King we're trying to find our
way out seen before thing you're
trembling all over
ridiculous your heads are ridiculous old
girl got sick very low resistance sugar
if you feel that you're coming down with
something my dear the best thing in the
world is a shot of whiskey I don't where
to get it hmm
Oh